I said it was your daughter
I finally found you
Brother Niang
Why are you here?
This house is not a place where you can come
You hurry back now hurry up
Mother and your brother finally got into the Zhang family
I'm here to ask you for money.
Girl, it's important to drink
You are now the mother of the richest man
You get us a 1 million
It's not about your surgery
1 million you're crazy
How can I give you so much money?
There's money on this card.
You take the money and go now
Stop
Madam is so rich, she will definitely not treat you badly
If you don't give me the 1 million today, forget me
You're too old to stop me
Believe it or not, I'm calling you right now
These two townships, Bahuti
Do this to my mother
Are you all right?
You heartless dog
If you have money, you will forget your mother
son
Quickly teach this bastard a lesson for your mother
How dare you hit me?
It's you
You bitch
How many days have passed since the days of glory and wealth?
Do you really think you are the mother of a rich man?
If you don't pay today
I'll go tell the lady
Shen Guiying is his mother
See how you explain it to him